Custom domain: tweak language in WebAuthn note (#4256)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/index.md

* When you implement a custom domain, users aren't automatically rerouted from the original URL to the new custom URL. You must communicate the new custom domain to your users.

> * If you configure the [FIDO2 (WebAuthn) authenticator](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-configure-webauthn) in your org and create a custom domain, your users first need to authenticate with another enrolled authenticator (for example, Okta Verify or email). Then, your users can re-enroll with WebAuthn. Communicate the new URL to your users so that Okta prompts them to re-enroll. Every domain that a user accesses requires re-enrollment because each set of their credentials is scoped to a separate domain.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you configure the [FIDO2 (WebAuthn) authenticator](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-configure-webauthn) in your org and create a custom domain, your users first need to sign in with an authenticator they're already enrolled in (for example, Okta Verify or email). Then, your users can re-enroll with WebAuthn. Communicate the new URL to your users so that Okta prompts them to re-enroll. Every domain that a user accesses requires re-enrollment because each set of their credentials is scoped to a separate domain.
```

> * If you configure the [FIDO2 (WebAuthn) authenticator](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-configure-webauthn) in your org and create a custom domain, your users first need to sign in with an authenticator they're already enrolled in (for example, Okta Verify or email). Then, your users can re-enroll with WebAuthn. Communicate the new URL to your users so that Okta prompts them to re-enroll. Every domain that a user accesses requires re-enrollment because each set of their credentials is scoped to a separate domain.

Reviewer: maybe "...that they're already enrolled in..."
